Introduction:
    Background:
    Melbourne and Sydney are the 2 main cities when living in Australia is considered or analysed. Although there are other beautiful and growing cities in Australia,
    People outside of Melbourne mainly look at the living standards and day to day life of these 2 cities mainly. Both the cities are similar in natural beauty, resource, 
    places to visit, population, diversity, job opportunity and career opportunities. Yet a analytical view comparing the cities will have a very vast user base. My report
  will mainly target the migrant population to Australia. 
  Problem: Australia has a very good migration policy and every year Australia accepts nearly 200,000 population as part of skilled migration program. These people migrating to Australia normaly 
  do not have a analytical view of which City they have to land after receiving their permanent residency visa.
  Normally, these people talk to friends , collegues and online forums to create an understanding of cities of Australia.
  
  Interest: My analysis will use clustering methods to cluster the suburbs of both the city and display various characteristics of the suburbs in these cities. Reader will be able view data
  for schools, restaurent, playgrounds, places to visit and job created for major suburbs in these cities and create a perspective of both the city on their own. This analtical view
  will not give an idea of which city is better rather this report will only provide a visual analysis of the major suburbs of the city and leave it to the reader to create a perspective.
  
 Data:
 Suburb Co-ordinates: I am planning to do some websrapping to find the co-ordinates for Suburbs of Melbourne and use the kaggle dataset for 
 Sydney suburbs :https://www.kaggle.com/koki25ando/city-list-of-australia.
 Suburb Characteristics: Suburbs and it's near by venue information.
 Jobs: I have also donwload kaggle dataset for the jobs created in Australia.
 Migration: I have got migration data from Australian govenrment website https://data.gov.au/dataset/ds-dga-dba45e7c-81f4-44aa-9d82-1b9a0a121017/details. This will be used to showcase
 the migration analysis and trends.
 
